blogs: add Vanus filters blog (#277)
vanus-labs/docs: blog/how-to-use-vanus-filter/index.md

---
title: How to use Vanus Filter
description: Filters allow you to filter events from an Eventbus when creating a subscription, enabling you to receive only the specific events needed. This article introduces how to use filters.
type: blog
category: learning
layout: single
lastmod: 2023-02-26
author: Weir
tags: ['Subscription', 'Filter', 'Message Queue']
postImage: img/logo.png
---

> The traditional message queue requires subscribers to do the message filter/process at client end after they get the full message from Topics, this would take extra resources and need additional codes/scripts to finish all the work, largely increased the complexity. By adding the filter ability into the messaging infrastructure, it would benefit user a lot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The traditional message queue requires subscribers to do the message filter/process on the client end or after receiving messages from Topics. This approach takes extra resources and needs additional codes/scripts, largely increasing complexity. Adding the filtering ability into the messaging infrastructure would greatly benefit the user.
```
